We started this project by the GitHub repo that was about the remote challenges. We got interested in Quandela's challenge because we already were familiar with quantum circuits since we did have some experiences in the superconductive qubits, and we thought what could be better than getting to know more about the optic one! So we chose this project.
First we read the repository and researched the concepts that were in the text like the second quantization and dual-rail method. Then we read the Perceval package website to learn the package, and it was really well written and nice and we actually did get to know what we should do there.
Then it was time to simulate the CZ gate. We took a look at the paper [5] and did our best to simulate it using Perceval package and we kinda got something out of it! Besides some parameterization, it was rather similar to the final unitary matrix. 
Then we wanted to jump to the CCZ gate, it was rather hard and we were not familiar with it. We read the paper and this one was too bulky and hard! We actually thought we need that and I think we wasted too much time on that. By any means after we finished the paper there wasn't enough time and we were too much drowned in all the theories, that we couldn't actually reproduce the CCZ gate via the methods we already used in the CZ gate and couldn't bring it to the quantum optic circuits and simulate it using the Perceval.
Although the path was not that easy for us and we couldn't accomplish what we wanted and the we couldn't solve the challenge, we learned a lot during this hackathon! Thanks for having us!:)
